I don't think they knew the impact it
was having but it was destroying me
inside
oh my God sorry I didn't expect for this
to happen
um
what is up daddy gang
[Music]
the most listened to female podcasts in
the world hundreds of millions of
downloads every month why you I do
everything for my audience it's a very
[__] up industry to be a part of
morally I don't know if I should be
saying this but it just keeps getting
bigger the more that we keep saying wild
but exploiting my life for four years
there is a cost
the last year or so that I had a co-host
I was really struggling it's all her
daddy was the biggest show ever and
everyone's like these girls are the best
of friends and it was all crumbling
behind the scenes why was I like getting
people out of bed managing like drugs
and alcohol trying to be the fixer
someone's gonna be the victim and
someone's gonna be the villain and I was
the villain you can get down a really
dark path if you do have a goal it's not
worth losing yourself to get the prize
if today were your last day and I slid
you a phone and said you're gonna have a
conversation with your former partner
would you dial the number
I struggled so much wanting to tell the
full story and wanting to tell the truth
before we get into this episode just
wanted to say thank you first and
foremost for being part of this
community
um the team here at the diver Co is now
almost 30 people and that's literally
because you watch and you subscribe and
you um leave comments and you like the
videos that this Show's been able to
grow and it's the greatest honor of my
life to sit here with these incredible
people and just selfishly ask them
questions that I'm pondering over or
worrying about in my life but this is
just the beginning for the day of this
year we've got big big plans to scale
this show and to every corner of the
world and to to diversify Our Guest
selection and that's enabled by you by a
simple thing that you guys do which is
to watch so if there's one thing you
could do to help this show and to help
us continue to do what we do it's just
to hit the Subscribe button if you like
this show if you like what we do here if
you watch these episodes please just hit
that subscribe button means the world
let's get on with it
[Music]
hi
what is the earliest thing the earliest
piece of context that I need to know
about you to understand the person that
sat in front of me today and all that
she's accomplished
oh my gosh Stephen
um
oh that's a hard question I would say
I think that
the
experience I had growing up watching my
father
and what he did for a living my dad is a
sports television producer
and
I remember when I was younger my mom
would take my sister my brother and I
into Philadelphia
and we would go to the Philadelphia
Flyers games because that's what he
would produce and we would stay in the
stands watching hockey for like a period
And then after the first period we would
beg my mom like please can we go see Dad
can we go see dad and my mom would be
like okay like let's go and she's like
you have to be quiet and so she would
bring us down to the television Studio
and every single time it would like Take
My Breath Away watching my dad because I
would walk in and he would be at the
dead center at the front of the room
with like 20 people behind him
70 plus cameras in front of him and he
would be producing and directing a live
sporting event
and that's like my earliest memory of
realizing like holy [__] I want to do
this like I want to do what my dad does
and
um I think it was always instilled in me
also like my Dad loved what he did so I
know a lot of my friends their dad's
like gotta go to work and like I get
that that's like a lot of people in the
world but I was so fortunate to watch my
dad was the first one in the arena like
he was the first one there he had his
notes he was ready to go and then I
would watch him like produce this live
show of like roll camera a go to the
announcers roll the graphic like hit the
color and I just was so enthralled by
that world that from a very young age I
was able to quickly locate
that's what I want to do that's what I I
want not only just like the actual Act
of producing but the way that my father
engaged with his work like it wasn't
work my dad never complained about going
he was always so enthusiastic and so to
see your your parent and a figure above
you that you respect so much be so in
love with what they're doing I always
was like I want my passion to become my
purpose to become what I do in life and
I do think that kind of then makes sense
as to like where I am now like I love
what I do and I really accredit a lot of
that to like watching my father be so in
love with his career and his job what
about your mother
my mother is a psychologist so it's like
the perfect storm growing up I was like
Mom stop being so smart leave me alone
why do all of the other kids moms would
be like oh yeah go to the movies sweetie
and my mom would be like you're not
going to movies you're going to a party
tell me what's happening where are you
going I'd be like why do you know these
things so it was frustrating I think
when I was younger my mom and I had a
really
interesting dynamic because I always
like to push the boundaries and I was
the youngest so I was kind of like the
wild child and I loved that my mom was a
psychologist but I hated it because she
was like too insightful and too with it
that I wish I could have gotten away
with more but I do think as I started to
come into my own having her have this
background in Psychology allowed me to
really put more of an importance on
connection
connecting to your emotions
um EQ versus IQ like my parents cared
about our grades but they also were more
like do you know how to interact in a
room like do you know how to read the
room like do you know when your friend
is upset are you being
um honest with yourself of how you're
feeling so like my household was always
like how are you feeling what's going on
and I'm like can we stop talking about
our feelings for one [__] second but
it really was like the perfect storm of
I now on my show am so interested in
just talking and having engaging
conversations because I think my mother
it was like a prerequisite in our house
of like no no you can't leave the house
before I know like how are you doing I'm
like I'm fine but like so I think I
really admired her but in my like angsty
teen years I was like [__] off like stop
asking me how I'm feeling I want to go
drink and have fun with my friends
um but she's amazing and she's been like
probably the most instrumental person in
my life in terms of like my personal
development as a human being
when she asked you how you were feeling
when you were a kid
were you always honest with her
no oh God no I was really
um I had a hard time with like
wanting to make my parents really proud
I think they saw a lot in me and I was
very like doing a lot of things I was
really good at soccer I was like good at
making movies and films and all the
things but I like really struggled
in school and so I never wanted to tell
my parents that because I felt like
I think I was like embarrassed because
like who I was at home was so not who I
was at school and so I was almost like
I'm still working through this in
therapy so I don't really know the full
answer yet but what I do know is I was
like embarrassed to explain to my
parents that I was like getting bullied
at school or having a hard time because
when I got home I then was my actual
real self where I was outgoing and Goofy
and happy but then when I would go to
school I never wanted to tell them
actually like that I was struggling
which is really strange and I am still
working on trying to figure out like why
I didn't feel that way because my
parents were so loving would have gone
to school and like talked to the
teachers or the parents of the little
shits that were bullying me but I just
had this like internal
way of compartmentalizing
School struggles and then like being at
home and trying to
engage in things that I loved and made
me happy and I just like to like
separate the two
as you were saying I was trying to like
figure out why that is sometimes why we
and my brain said like we almost don't
want to taint our our happy place or our
safe place with the with the unhappy
place it's like it almost poisoned that
place it bring that energy into the into
that safe place yeah I think that's a
good point like
I I really struggled with
people being so mean strictly it was
just all about my appearance like I was
a very awkward kid I think I had a hard
time also coming out and talking about
it on caller Daddy because I feel like
the Persona that I am putting out into
the world is very like
blonde bombshell she's got her life
together and people are like you got
bullied and so that dichotomy I think is
like hard for people to understand but
like I still feel like the girl that was
bullied in middle school elementary
school so I I think yeah I think there
was like a pride thing of like they can
do that to me at school but when I get
home and I'm gonna go in the basement
and I'm gonna make my films like they
can't touch that like that's for me and
that's what
honestly like saved my life to be honest
like creating content was like the one
thing that kept me going and like happy
and I was able to find my purpose
because school was like just so awful
for me
when you say saved my life do you mean
that yeah I I actually found like a
journal I'm not crying but my I just
will not stop watering or maybe I am
um
I found a journal of mine it was so
[__] sad to read I was really going
through a hard time in school I think
when you go through bullying you feel
so [__] isolated and
unfortunately or I hope like I actually
don't think the kids that were bullying
me and most of them were boys
um I don't think they knew the impact it
was having like it was like a casual
mean comment at recess but it was
destroying me inside and so I found a
journal that broke my heart because
it was basically me saying like
oh this is
if I was like if I killed myself maybe
then they would realize like how [__]
up all the comments that they were
saying to me
oh my God sorry I didn't expect for this
to happen
um
I just like I think I realized like I'm
like [__] like they would then realize
like the impact that their comments had
on me and I really don't think that like
I'm saying like I don't think those kids
actually knew like damn like and so I
think almost the way of thinking about
killing myself was like then they would
realize the impact and so I had a lot of
dark thoughts that like I
I'm like I feel really bad for myself in
that moment because I think a lot of
times people are like I wouldn't take it
certain things back because like it made
me who I am I would take that back I
think what what I felt in those moments
I would absolutely take back because it
just like I don't I think I could still
be where I am and not have gone through
that type of pain
have you had to have a conversation with
that
that go
the younger version of Alex in therapy
and stuff too yeah um it's been weird
because our job is so weird where like I
remember
do we have a tissue sorry no you're fine
I'm like whoa I didn't expect to cry
this dude and I wasn't even expecting to
cry
um
I think why I'm so emotional too is like
I'm kind of like currently working
through this in therapy and
I think our job is very strange where I
remember
when I took the show on my own
um and I was doing like solo episodes
and I kept
realizing I had like these
people-pleasing Tendencies and I wanted
to share it on my show but I'm like I
have to give context to the daddy gang
my fans like why I have these Tendencies
and so I remember
telling my fans in the world that I was
bullied before I even told my therapist
and I do sometimes think there's like
something beautiful about that of like I
Knew by me saying that I was gonna
immediately connect with so many of my
fans and like we were going to be able
to have an even deeper connection but I
haven't really worked through all of it
so like I think sometimes when you bring
up
things you went through and you're not
fully healed or whatever like I'm still
kind of in the middle of processing all
of it but
I have started to think about that
younger self but I I think it's still so
raw of like even unpacking like how it's
affected me in adulthood that I'm having
a hard time like
going through all the layers of it still
have you seen sort of imprints that
remain on you as an adult I think about
my own experience being I mean talked
about this a lot on the show so people
know but being the only like black kid
in all white school being the poorest
family in the area and that constant
feeling of like ongoing shame like yeah
I think back and I've realized in my
adult life like
I always would say how I am so
comfortable being alone I love my alone
time
but I think that comes from the initial
Inception was like such pain and hurt
and isolation
um when I was young I would go into my
room and I would cry but I would make
sure my parents couldn't hear me crying
again because like I wanted to be like
the cool soccer player creative girl
when I'm home and I didn't want them to
know what I was going through so I would
be crying or writing in a journal and I
realized like I got so
I went through like hating every single
thing about myself externally
like I would look up remedies of like
how to get rid of my cystic acne like I
would literally Envision taking like a
razor and like taking it off my skin
like I thought of so many things and I I
just like was constantly trying to
change myself because I was getting
bullied for like the way that I looked
and I think it's really detrimental when
you're at an age where like all you care
about is peer approval all you care
about is people liking you and so I
think the part of me that like yes hated
myself I did get really comfortable
being alone because those were the
moments where I allowed myself to have
all of the thoughts like bottling up and
not telling anyone that I was going
through this I remember
a friend of mine that I've been friends
with since like fourth grade she was
like Alex I can't believe you never
told me because I was going through
something really similar she has red
hair and freckles and she was like I got
so bullied and we were in the same
school we were best friends and we
didn't even know we were both going
through it and I can't even imagine how
much easier my life would have been if I
at least like grabbed onto her and we
had each other but I think
bullying is very hard to explain unless
you've gone through it where like you're
so alone you hate yourself
you almost like yeah you hate the
bullies but you almost like some you
just internalize it so you hate yourself
you don't even hate them as much as you
hate yourself you want to change
yourself you want to be able to fit in
you want to hide you and so you do
certain things where like even my my
mannerisms or my posture was so like
defeated and awkward
um and now I look back and it's like my
adult life I have ex I am working on
working through extreme people pleasing
Tendencies because
I just wanted people to like me when I
was younger and so even sometimes I see
things on the internet where I'm like oh
he's being like too annoying or extra
but it's like I feel like I just want
people to like me and sometimes that's
all I'm thinking about that I can
imagine that comes off in a way that's
maybe not as likable but it's like I
really am just trying to connect
um and then I think the The Loner thing
like I've had so many
I had a lot of issues in romantic
relationships where
I would be like in love with someone but
they would be like what I didn't even
know you liked me and so I think I would
avoid getting hurt and rejected because
I was rejected in those years of feeling
the ultimate rejection of again when
you're like all you care about is peer
Dynamics friends like who's and who's
top five like boys were like repulsed by
me and so I was like I hated myself I
didn't think I was
good enough and so when I would get
someone I tried to like
have a defense almost against like they
can't hurt me because like I'm already
setting myself up to know what's going
to be over before they can like reject
me
you know when I sit here with um people
and I learn about their early years I
think there's always and probably I had
this assumption before I started doing
this that when we reached a moment of
success or whatever when our
circumstances change the trauma goes out
the door with it and I I've come to
learn from doing this that it stays and
I've actually I feel like I've never met
a person who has managed to take that
early upbringing the early adverse are
bringing to zero I've never met the
person yeah
I'm guessing you've made progress on
these things yeah I have
I think like
when I was so young
being in school I I started to really
struggle with my grades because
it would be like I'm getting bullied in
school and I would run home and I
started to compartmentalize so well that
creating content to me was like
literally what kept me going right and
so
I would go into my basement and my dad
gave me this like big huge clunky Sony
camera and I was obsessed with creating
these characters creating these story
lines like I laugh now because I didn't
even put it together but I would force
all my friends all my soccer friends to
participate in like making videos with
me and we remade The Devil Wears Prada
and you would think immediately of what
I'm telling you like who would I play I
would play Anne Hathaway's character I
played Meryl Streep I I was freaking
Miranda Priestly I'm like I'm the
farthest thing from that at that point
in my life but it was like I loved
playing characters that like it like
ignited this confidence in me where I
could feel for a minute like I I am this
boss like I am this like strong
Confident Woman
um and so creating content for me was
like this outlet that allowed me to
almost like
become the thing that internally I
always did have this confidence and I
knew I had this fun personality in this
spark but it was so tainted by the
minute I walked out the doors of my
house
when I was struggling in school I think
I started to realize like I don't want
to do math I don't want to do history
like I just want to create content and I
think it was really hard for me to focus
in school because I almost was like
so focused on the goal of like let me
just keep creating content and I can't
explain it but it was like the driving
force for me to just keep going and to
keep dealing with a lot of the [__]
that I was struggling with
therapy I'm thinking about that
alignment you're talking about between
being being able to show up as yourself
everywhere you go whether it's in school
or whether it's on your show or wherever
also it was quite clear that in school
in your earlier years you weren't able
to show up as yourself hmm
what role has therapy played in helping
you to become
Alex when you're on camera off camera in
school in Social settings wherever you
go
well at first it wasn't changing my life
and my therapist was like had a hard
conversation with me I think it was like
two months into us working together and
she was like Alex I need to say
something to you and I'm like am I in
trouble she's like you can't you pay me
like you're not in trouble but I need to
be honest with you
I can tell you're not
you're not being honest you put on this
facade that everything is good
everything is okay and like the point is
to come here and be emotional and you
can trust me to not
tell anyone judge you and I think I had
kept this hard exterior for so long that
it was
really foreign to me to open up and talk
about my insecurities and what I'd
struggled with because when you're
bullied you eventually create this armor
that is like
completely sealed shut you
you wear it and you like know the pain
but you eventually have to survive and
keep going and so I think in therapy my
therapist was like what is why can I not
like get in there and I eventually
I didn't I didn't even say anything in
that session I was like I don't know
like I'm telling you the truth and then
weirdly that was when I ended up opening
up on my show about it and then I came
back to her and I was like okay here you
go and I just spilled everything because
I was at least attuned enough to therapy
from my mother of like I know in order
to actually have change Within Myself
and for this to work I have to be honest
but there was still like I was still
embarrassed to tell my therapist
because I knew she would look at me
differently and I thought she thought I
was like this well put together person
and I just was like holy [__] I've
created such a facade that like
everything is perfect exteriorly with me
that
I'm not going to be able to actually
undo the damage that was done if I don't
actually start talking about it and so
that was like a really pivotal moment
for me where therapy
finally broke down that layer but my
therapist had to chip away and now she
jokes about it with me all the time it's
like do you remember when you would come
in and I'd be like so and eventually she
was like why are we here
whose decision was it to go to therapy
me
did you go with with a particular Focus
or just generally yeah it was a
particular focus it was
um
about like the last
year or so that I had a co-host I was
really struggling
um and
I was like my mom kept being like I need
to be your mom I can't be your therapist
like you you need to talk to someone and
that was when I finally so that was
about like 20
25 24 and I finally was like okay I'm
just gonna get a therapist and it was in
New York City and I would go in person
with her
and that it felt very
um
at first it felt very like why am I here
like I don't need this but then
eventually it like cracked and it was
really helpful but it was not easy I
will say I think a lot of people think
therapy is like sit down and tell your
secrets like it's so awkward at first if
you're not even I had a psychologist as
a mother and I'm still like I don't want
to do this but I think it's all in your
head because once you open the
floodgates
they never close you were struggling
yeah
are you asking me with what yeah you
said you were struggling so
you probably from what you said you were
going to your mother and explaining that
there was a struggle that struggle is
that is that a social struggle with a
friend or is that a psychological
struggle or I think
in business there was a lot happening
where I was living with someone I was
doing business with we were struggling
with business like there were so many
things happening and I was
how do I say this I was struggling
to take care of myself in an environment
that was really unhealthy
and
was
like the show was priority but behind
the scenes it was a disaster and so I
was like
compromising on a lot of things that
like morally I didn't agree with or
mentally I wasn't feeling good about and
it was at a really weird time because
call her daddy was like the biggest show
ever and everyone's like these girls are
the best and they're the best of friends
and they're the best and like that's
life like you it's almost like how
everyone talks about like Instagram we
put our best foot forward and it was all
crumbling behind the scenes
and it was
terrifying to me because I worked my
whole life to like get to a point like
this where I'm producing a show and it
just felt very scary to me that I didn't
have control of all the aspects going on
and the symptoms were psychological for
you psychological I was
basically in a co-dependent relationship
like it was so unhealthy
um for both of us and uh
I think
psychologically yes I even think
physically it was taking a toll on me
um and then it was also taking a toll on
my other relationships because like the
partner I had at the time was like
bearing the weight of me
complaining about so much going on in my
life because I couldn't go at the person
that I had to get up every morning with
and record right like I couldn't be
um I had to keep the show going so it
was like
very detrimental to yes psychologically
and my like mental health like the show
came first before
I think both of our personal needs what
was the advice you you needed most of
that moment but didn't get
or maybe just before that moment
happened because that's kind of like
that's when things start falling yeah
but if you've got advice maybe a couple
of years earlier
it would have prevented you getting into
that situation so what is that advice
that and I'm saying this because of
there's someone at home now who's you
know they want to follow in your
footsteps and whatever career or
industry it might be but when you get
into business and things start going
well
you where you just [__] wish that
someone had told you
I mean
maybe that
it's okay to
leave it's okay to leave a situation
for both people involved
um
it's okay to want to hold on to
something because
in some aspects it's really working but
if you are compromising
your morals and your mental health and
at one point your sanity like it ain't
worth it
um
but again I think like even if someone
had told me that I had to live through
it because
I worked my hor my whole life for this
like I
finally got the show and I was producing
and I was doing what I loved but I then
started to hate it and that to me was
when I was like
I didn't need anyone to tell me at that
point that I should
leave it was like oh I've Loved this my
whole life something's off like if I'm
this miserable
there's a better way
from that you must have learned the
factors that need to be in place
professionally for you to love work
because you you got to experience
head-on all the factors that make a
passion turn into yeah misery
so on the flip side what are the factors
that you need and you believe people
generally need for them to like love
their work yeah
I think that the first thing is like
business is so
there's so many different layers it's so
so complicated even if it's just you so
then add another person in
it's almost impossible and I think like
it was so difficult
my partner and I at the time had such
different wants such different you know
envisionments for our career in the
future and that is so okay but I think
the issue is like
if you have the ability to sit down
before you begin which we didn't really
have like I remember
I came home
um
one day or she came home from work one
day she was uh the third roommate to me
and my best friend from childhood we had
met her like it was like a very random
like hey we need a third you want to
come live with us we'd live together for
like
a couple months if that and I was like
do you want to do this podcast with me
I had no idea it was going to be the
biggest podcast in the world I had no
idea her wants and what truly she was
interested in what she was passionate
about we were passionate about such
different things so it's like I think in
business you do have to actually believe
that this could become the biggest thing
you have to put your mind there and one
that's incredible for your
self-confidence to be like if you're
starting a business
pretend it's about to be apple
Envision and and who you're sitting next
to do you want to be there with them or
for yourself are you willing to get
there and sacrifice certain things in
your personal life to get there like
whether it's a duo or a singular person
like you actually have to Envision
yourself at the end line and at your
goal because
you have to mentally start to function
that way because then all of a sudden
you could get there and then you're like
oh [__] I didn't plan for this and I
think that's kind of what we both felt
we were like
we don't even really know each other
three episodes in this is the biggest
show in the world like we're drinking
buddies like what this is not a this is
not supposed to be a business and we are
way in over our heads and I think that's
okay but I look back and I'm like
I had no idea what we were getting
ourselves into but I do think in
business it's like
you gotta think big because once you get
there you better be prepared
and I wasn't
do you know what that's actually the
advice that I wish I'd got before I
started in business which is imagine the
day when someone comes along and offers
you a hundred million how are your
contracts
because when you start you'll you'll
you'll be tempted by oh my god of fifty
thousand pounds to ten five thousand
pounds I here you go everything I'll
sign anything and then and you do that
often in your desperation and naivety
but then you get five years down the
line things are big and you just
absolutely [__] wish and Dread that
you didn't think like this
um so there's gonna be a lot of people
listening that are either starting out
in the business Journeys that really
need to get into that difficult mindset
the thing is what you said also applies
to relationships generally
this idea of like making sure from the
jump that your Visions are aligned oh
yeah
I also love that you said you know we
wish we could have told ourselves but
then I'm also in life like
no that was supposed to happen because
now
when I went and signed my Spotify deal
you best believe I was like who's around
me do I own these trademarks do I own
this IP do I own like everything that
felt like I had
not
focused on in the beginning that I was
like kicking myself for the second time
around
I was like damn sure that I had like
everything locked in and I still even
made like a couple mistakes but like I I
think that that's also just life of like
you're gonna have you can try to be as
prepared as you can
you're never going to be fully prepared
but
having some ability to reflect on what
you wish you had done
differently or better or the same there
were some things that I was like I'm
sticking exactly that course I think you
just have to think about it and be
cognizant of those steps and I think
sometimes you rush quickly like that's
like our world today it's like go go go
like take the new job don't take a
minute to pause that's where I think you
get screwed over within yourself of not
recognizing like
what's going to be different this time
you're miserable over there how's it
going to be different so I wouldn't take
it back I just think of course there's
things I wish I had done differently but
then I did them differently for my next
deal and I am exponentially happier with
the way that I'm handling business who
I'm surrounding myself with how I'm
hiring
um you know who touches the product like
there's everything now I've formulated
and I think a lot of people think like
oh Spotify like just so many people
around her
I've
two or one people one person in my
office every day like I've kept it
pretty small because that's what I
always wanted I want to produce I want
to edit I want to direct I want to do as
much as I can in a smart way but
you just have to know what you want
and then when you get away from it then
you really know what you want because
they're like wait I want to go that way
and that's a great thing
there's an interesting point here though
about being a people pleaser when a
people pleaser strikes it big it's hard
to like put up those boundaries and
start like saying what you want and what
you need and having because even the
conversation we had a little bit a while
ago about aligning and communicating
what you want from the jump so that
further down the line you don't mess
things up and regret it requires a
difficult conversation at the start
yeah I I wasn't even like aware of how
much I was people pleasing until it got
to that breaking point where I was like
there were so many things I was doing to
appease people around me
to keep the show going that was so
unhealthy that now I have in hindsight
I'm like what was I doing why was I like
getting people out of bed like why was I
like managing like drugs and alcohol and
like trying to be this like fixer and
then it's like just trying to put a show
on I think I was like a little over my
skis I just said that because I was
skiing this weekend so that's the only
knowledge I'm like over my head I'm like
over my skis
um you can get down a really really dark
path if you do have a goal in order to
get there and that is also advice I give
people of like
it's not worth losing yourself to get
the prize
because
what what was hard for me is like public
perception so I've talked to you about
how much I care about people liking me
now I'm on a world stage and there's
comments and there's people
and there was like a public Fallout with
a woman so there's like someone's gonna
be the victim and someone's gonna be the
villain and I was the villain and I'm
like
if this happened like to me
I think publicly I struggled so much for
a while of like wanting to tell the full
story and wanting to tell the truth and
be like I promise like
but I'm also then like my character was
like I I don't think anyone needs to
know what happened behind closed doors
and how dark it got and
but I just know that I was proud of
myself that I did
I know I'm a good person but when you
see the internet
picking sides or doing this like it
[__] with you and I imagine for her it
[__] with her like it was really hard
I think for two women to go through
something so big in a coveted pandemic
um that people just wanted drama
but I think my people-pleasing
Tendencies of like
wait why are these people thinking
something that I'm not that ate me alive
inside and I had to have my boyfriend my
mother my father my therapist be like
you both know the real story that's it
that's all you need to know and so I
think it took me a while though where I
was like I want to clear the air like
how many times are we going to go back
and forth like you know what I mean but
it can get
exhausting trying to make people know
your character and who you are
um especially when I've been talking on
the internet for almost now five years
like people think people have a
perception of me and and that's
something I have to live with and be
okay with but it's hard
I remember someone wrote in um in the
Diary of this year this little book that
I have in front of me guess when they
leave they write a question for the next
guest someone wrote in this book If
today were your last day
and you had to have a 60-second
conversation with someone in your life
um what would you say to them and why
and I was just wondering as you're
saying all of this this was clearly a
really tumultuous pivotal moment in your
life for better and for worse in many
respects
are there any words unsaid if today were
your last day and I I slid you a phone
and said you're gonna have a
conversation with with that person your
former partner
would you dial the number would you say
anything
no because I think in a weird way like
when there's time I think both sides and
I acknowledge both sides have their own
story that then just keeps going on like
I'm like what even is the reality
anymore we both have such different
story lines of everything that happened
if I was like forced to I would just say
like I hope you're healthy and you're
well but
I think we're both like in a beautiful
way I I said this to someone recently I
was like it's so much better that we're
both doing our own things like that's
the same thing in like romantic
relationships like
I think a lot of times you try to keep
making something work it shouldn't be
that difficult it really shouldn't if
it's meant to work it will be working
and I'm in the healthiest relationship
of my life right now and I'm like this
feels great this is what it's supposed
to feel like so
no I I don't think that I would pick up
the phone because I think
we see things very differently and
that's okay that's life like that's the
world that's politics that's religion
that's friendships ending that's
marriage is ending like you're just
gonna be like I don't see it like you
and that's okay
um I think the internet's probably a
little bit more invested than even the
two of us are but
yeah I think that would be just I hope
you're healthy
cool hey Daddy
you tell me where the boundaries are
here but how big is this show you know
it's difficult it's difficult to get an
idea of it because it's kind of a black
box the way it operates in Spotify but
what can you tell me about the size of
the show because I want to go into
what's made it successful so give me the
headline I would say that it is
um the most listened to female podcast
in the world wow
wow um
it's and it's exclusive at Spotify so
that is wild to me that the numbers even
being exclusive and you can only find it
on one platform that it's as big as it
is
um it still doesn't really like register
to me because when people say that I'm
like podcasting is weird like I don't I
don't like I'm not a singer of seeing
everyone in the audience like I just
like talk and then I go and eat a
sandwich and play with my dogs and go to
sleep like sometimes it doesn't register
but the success of this show is wild to
me because
when we first released our first three
episodes with barcel sports
it went number two right underneath Joe
Rogan and I think every podcast if it
has like a lot of traction like the
algorithm Works where like if you have
immediate engagement of like new
followers a lot of people are gonna hit
up in the top 10.
but then by week three and then week
four and then week 10 and then week 20
it was constantly just sitting right
under Rogan and then I remember like I
think it was
maybe our 10th week or something it went
past Rogue and then we were back to
Second and it was like whoa
that wasn't that wasn't the plan like of
course the plan is to get big but I just
remember
um I remember Eric nardini who's the CEO
at barcel came in and was like just so
you know like girls your episode
um is like getting the same numbers as
our biggest show at Barstool uh PMT or
yeah and I was like
really like that's so cool like I I we
didn't have like a concept I don't think
yet so it went viral so fast and again
that goes back to like there was no plan
like I knew in my mind like I love doing
this but like there was no plan I didn't
even want to be a podcaster like I
wanted to direct films and and TV shows
and so then after that the show only
continued to grow and
it still doesn't feel real like I think
the craziest thing was when I signed my
Spotify deal it was very exciting for me
that Spotify looked at me and was like
we really respect what you did in the
past but pitcho switched the future
because that's why we're signing you
knowing a little bit about Spotify and
the numbers and the podcasting game I I
know you must be getting hundreds of
Millions
of downloads and streams a month
it's wild
like don't tell me that because it's
like what it's crazy why
the most listened to
female podcast in the world hundreds of
millions of downloads every month
there's millions of podcasts out there I
there's loads of numbers knocking around
I read one recently that said there's
almost three million podcasts
why
yours why why you and why yours you must
have like slowly over time which is kind
of what we've tried to do look back and
tried to figure it out like what's the
subtle and obvious things that I've made
you
be so successful
I think
truly there is and like I'm obviously
not being biased but I don't think that
anyone has the relationship they have
With Their audience the way that I do I
think when you start a show talking
about sex especially for women and it's
so taboo and there's so much shame
the amount of trust that that garnered
for me in between me and them was
unmatched like I
still to this day it shocks me that
women come up to me in the street
and will tell me about
sexual abuse that they went through and
we've just met in 15 seconds they're
like Alex I have to tell you you got me
out of this really toxic abusive
situation all of a sudden someone's
coming to me being like I married
someone because of like it's like this
relationship that I've built
I think is
something that I will never be able to
like really articulate but I know it's
also coming from a place because I need
them just as much they need me I think
sometimes in the Creator world like it
gets a little
disconnected because we also are trying
to run businesses right and you can't
always do everything for your fans like
I can say I have been in huge meetings
with a lot of executive people telling
me what to do and I'm like
I don't want to do that because the
daddy gang won't connect that and
there's a lot of money on the table or
there's brand deals or there's all these
things and I have really been
intentional about like
I care more about the content than
what public facing accolades we're gonna
get and I think because I focus so much
on my relationship with my audience it's
then just garnered like oh this [__]
just keeps getting bigger and it is a
huge show but like
I can't explain it like if I brought a
daddy game girl in here she would be
like let me tell you our connection like
it really does feel like so crazy how
connected we are so I think that is one
side of it I do everything for my
audience I sacrifice my personal
relationships I have skipped out on huge
family things to like make sure I'm like
no I need to give the daddy gang
something amazing this week I've never
put out an episode of caller daddy that
I'm not proud of every week I'm busting
my ass to provide for them and it's
doodly episodes
no you've never delete one episode
no never recorded an episode and thought
oh I've deleted them like not published
them but like if I've published it I've
never deleted it oh yeah so you've like
had a conversation with someone
I've actually only had a conversation
with one person that I've never released
just because they didn't want to be
there I think their publicist [__]
them over they didn't know what they
were coming in for and I respectfully
was like this ain't it but um oh I've
recorded like so many solo episodes that
I've never pressed upload on that
eventually maybe I'll like put together
and be like these were my thoughts back
then but no I've never I've never
deleted an episode that I've published
but oh my God are you kidding my catalog
of things I haven't pressed upload on
it's like a whole nother 100 episodes
um but I and then I think the other side
of why it has been successful is like
it just goes back to
without sounding like a
egomaniac like I am obsessed with this
it I can't explain it like
every single week I'm like completely
fixated on how I'm gonna innovate make
it better make it special so I think
naturally like there are people that got
into this industry that actually didn't
really intend for it and there's like
producers handing them scripts and being
like sit down and talk like I'm so
obsessed and passionate about this that
I do think that translates in how
Innovative the show has been and just
like the growth because I love it and I
love producing content so it's been
really
easy for me in that regard like I've
never had a doubt in my mind that this
is what I'm supposed to be doing you
touched a little bit there on the cost
though that people don't see the
sacrifice families relationships all
these other things
part of the reason I started the show
actually was to shed a shed more of a
light on the cost of like being a CEO
because it's very glamorized everyone
wants to do it but then I think
providing balance allows people to
understand if it's actually the right
choice for them away from the accolades
and the followers and the Clapping like
is this really the right choice for you
so in your experience what has been the
material cost of your your journey
I think something I've been really
struggling with is first of all with
regard to business I'm
such a creative at heart that
business-wise
I'm really trying to work on recognizing
like this has gotten so big I need to be
in these meetings I need to be like
I need to be interacting with people on
the business end of things and like my
boyfriend always jokes he's like you're
99.9 creative all times like you need to
dial it at least 10 to business Alex and
I'm like
I don't need to answer the email I'm
just gonna sit in the edit room and make
the episode so I think I've really
it's been a little bit of a challenge
like hiring people personalities coming
in figuring out how to balance being
the talent
the executive producer
and the CEO and the owner of a company
is like
like it's it's a little it almost like
contradicts itself like things that I
should be doing as the talent
the CEO shouldn't be doing like the
conversations I'm having as the talent I
shouldn't be having but I'm the CEO so
I'm like I have to fire you and then
it's like well are you gonna go tweet
about me you you know it's like so
strange where most companies like this
that person wouldn't be a public-facing
person so like and then my people
pleasing Tendencies I've kept employees
longer because I'm like I can't fire
this person even though they're not
doing their job because like I don't
want them to go online and say I'm a
[__] and then my therapist is like
Alex sweetie
if you're paying someone they're not
doing their job
you have to fire them but I'm like so
it's like I've struggled a lot with like
who I'm having around me then on the
personal side of things
I don't want to say the word exploiting
but I'm just going to say it then I'm
going to take it right back but like
exploiting my life for four years
there is a cost of like
I don't expect a lot of people to relate
to it it's really weird that I've talked
about my sex life and my breakups and my
heartbreak and friend breakups and
family issues and Trauma and all the
things you can possibly imagine like
that's not normal to be that open about
it on the internet so naturally I think
there's like a what's next like always
trying to one-up yourself and that can
be really detrimental and I think when I
look back at the early days of caller
daddy like I'm embarrassed by some of
the things that I said not that I'm
embarrassed by the product I think was
great but there's some things that I was
like why did I say that on the internet
like
that was mean or that was but it was all
like I don't think people understand
like
we were being rewarded by how much
crazier it was every week it was like if
you get crazier the views go up the
clicks keep coming so it was like this
really diabolical feeling in your head
where it's like morally I don't know if
I should be saying this but
it just keeps bigger getting bigger the
more that we keep saying wild [__] and I
think in the beginning we had a handle
on it and then when we hit like episodes
50 60 it was like throwing [__] at the
wall
because people just wanted to see us
like dance it was like do something
crazy again this week and
that's why I have some empathy for
creators that have taken it too far
where you see that line is like they
push it they push it everyone loves
right when you're teetering the line
they're like oh yeah oh yeah the minute
you cross the line even though they've
been encouraging you to go farther
farther and you fall off
what's wrong with you what you're
disgusting like that's awful you're a
bad person so it's like it's a very very
[__] up industry to be a part of
because like you're rewarded for the
chaos but if it's too chaos then you're
out
um has ever crossed your mind
being someone who publishes a lot of
content and does it frequently at a
certain Cadence you have a community
that are expecting it from you
that you probably can't stop
to some degree or the pressure that's
that exists to keep you going keep
publishing keep going keep going keep
going means that there is in some
respects you could say a bit of a lack
of Freedom like you couldn't take six
months off right I can't even take two
weeks off
I yeah that has crossed my mind there's
there's some days where like the
the
unforgivingness of this industry
gets a little
it freaks me out a little bit because
I've found myself like I just said being
like
wait why did I do that because I'm so
deep in it and I'm so content focused
that I'm pulling myself out I'm like the
Alex with her family and her partner and
her her real life like that's not who I
am
I think
um I actually think that's why I kind of
pivoted my show for a minute to
interviews
I needed like a break because I was like
first of all we don't need to keep
hearing me talking like let's give me a
break like you're all sick of me
um I wanted to just start to talk to
other people for a second because doing
these solo episodes every single week I
needed something new and unique to say
and that can cause you to lose your
[__] mind like I don't think people
understand like an hour of content I was
talking to my boyfriend about this he's
like I make hour and a half movies that
we work on for nine months like
every week you have an hour to fill and
if it's just you talking
it's it's like almost insane like you're
gonna start doing things you're gonna
start putting yourself in situations to
get content to talk about things and I
started to be like this is unhealthy
there's other ways to entertain people
and other ways to feel creatively
stimulated and that's when I just
started to talk to other people and and
then interviewing I think gave me like
a real sense of fulfillment because
it goes back to my childhood like I love
connecting with people I love what we're
doing right now this is like my jam this
is like I could let's go for five hours
every time I do a podcast people like
that was the longest podcast we've ever
done like I can't stop talking because I
love connecting with people I love
discussing topics
um and right now that's what I'm doing
on my show and again like I said who
knows maybe it will change in a year but
yeah it's a it's a weird feeling to be
like where is the end mark
I don't think there is an end mark for
me because maybe it will look different
but I aside from all like the drama of
what we're talking about it goes back to
me being like I love this [__] and so
are there boundaries I can set with
myself in order to make it
healthier just like any person with any
job like you can get wrapped up in that
and it's
not healthy
a lot has been written about the
financial
um deal you did with Spotify a lot of
people talk about that what what impact
did that have if any on your life
there's the 60 million numbers flown
around everywhere you don't have to
confirm or deny but um
did that change things in any material
way
it was the craziest
truly the craziest feeling that I've I
still can't really articulate of like
I never started this for money I'm
really
fortunate how much my parents were like
keep it real keep it normal like
what is all this if you're about to be
like this like like none of this matters
it could all be gone tomorrow and so
I've been fortunate to be raised by
people that like I just it hasn't really
affected me I feel like the same person
that I was in Pennsylvania definitely a
little bit more progressed and like how
I feel about myself and and I feel
smarter and you know more whole human
being but like that number to all it did
to me was solidify that the brand that I
built
deserves to be where it is and I haven't
really let it get to my head I'll let
you know if it does but like for right
now I feel like everyone keeps asking me
like how did it change your life it for
the rest of my life will change my life
and my kids lives and like I get that
but in the immediate
I'm still working the way I always work
I hunch over at my computer I I like I
have the same keyboards like people like
how do you not have like the keyboard
with all like there's certain like Tech
things that I could be doing I don't
give a [__] I want to do exactly what
I've always been doing and keeping it
real and tight to myself and
like a little janky like I feel like it
like makes me feel like I'm still myself
and it hasn't expanded in a way that
maybe people think it has and so I'm I'm
proud of myself that I've kind of stayed
really grounded in who I am and why I
started this and I'm gonna continue to
always be cognizant of like why I
started this who I am and none of this
[__] actually matters like who gives a
[__] about a purse like you could lose
it like I want to have real
relationships I want to be close with my
family I want to be respectful of
people I'm around I want people to like
me I want to make people happy I want
them to make me happy I want to have
fulfilling Dynamics in my life that is
like the richest thing I think about me
right now is like I've worked a lot of
my relationships and I am finally I can
say to the point where like I'm happy in
my life and that to me like there's no
number you can put on that I don't give
a [__] if they took that away from me
tomorrow well spot if I don't obviously
but like you know what I mean I'm like
it's it's amazing but
I still feel like the same person back
in Pennsylvania
is there this is a conversation I've had
previously with one of the very
successful
um women on my podcast you built up an
exceptional business is there a unique
Dynamic when a woman becomes incredibly
successful as you have
in terms of her relationships with
a man some of my girlfriends have often
said to me that they think men can often
feel emasculated a little bit when their
partner is incredibly successful
yeah uh I remember the when I started
call her daddy
um
I was having a really hard time with
dating
just because as the show got bigger
yeah men were so insecure
um but also that may have been because I
was the next morning talking about them
on the show being like this is what his
whatever looks like okay but no I I
really
um struggled to find genuine
relationships of
like again I still feel like
the like awkward girl that like still at
times looks in the mirror and I'm like
hyper fixating on certain things about
myself like I'm still insecure so like
yes I'm to call her daddy girl but I'm
also Alex from Newtown Pennsylvania that
was bullied and awkward and insecure and
like hated everything about herself so
like I always wanted them to know that
version of me that's worked on myself to
have self-love to respect myself like
that version is who I want them to love
but you also have to love my job and
respect it and and appreciate that this
is my passion
my partner now I remember meeting him
and I was like oh he's the one because
he's so successful in his own right and
the amount of times that he's been like
you could stop all this tomorrow I would
love you but you are so talented it's
like the hottest thing about you like
when you start talking about your job I
like melt for you because you're so
engaged and passionate and excited and I
love how passionate you are it makes me
so happy to be your partner that I can
watch you live out your dreams and
I was like okay you passed the test like
but but it's hard like I think if you're
in a relationship
it's not to say that you there's going
to be moments where your partner's down
you're up financially
um where they're at in their career
their status like if you just got a
promotion your partner just got fired
like that's gonna happen but overall
respect was a huge thing for me where
this means more to me than anything and
I need someone that can respect that
like I'm gonna choose a lot of times my
career in moments and I need you right
now to ride with me on this wave of like
maybe in 10 years it's not going to be
the same and
my partner like was the this is the
first partner I've ever had that is my
biggest cheerleader is you know we're
potentially going to do some stuff um
work-wise together
and he's like you be the face of it you
do like I don't like this is you like
this is like all you and it's so
refreshing to have someone have such an
intact ego that when we're going to bed
at night it's like how was your day how
was your day all the successes all the
issues failures ups and downs we're like
we'll get through it together and that
is I'm like it's allowed me to probably
be 10 times better at my job because I
have a secure partner I have a really
great relationship and now when I'm
showing up to work I'm feeling
even more supportive than just being
supported by myself and my immediate
family
if your partner wasn't successful in his
own right
do you think it would work
I think you have to define success
because
I actually had this conversation with
him the other day
it's not about
money it's about I couldn't be with
someone
that wasn't passionate about something
that didn't have their own sense of
identity their own sense of drive and
want
that doesn't work for me because I'm a
very passionate person where like I I've
been on dates with guys where I'm like I
get it like you're you don't feel when
I'm I'm like electric when I talk about
my job and I think that's okay I think
you I need someone that equally has
something in their life that they feel
so driven and pulled by that it allows
two individuals to come and make a great
couple but we got our own things and so
I don't give a [__] if he's not making
money if it's every single day he's
waking up working for a non-profit and
is like I'm Gonna Change the World
go off absolutely love that it's success
to me is more that like you're
successful in working towards something
that you're so passionate about that it
does consume you at times
because I'm a workaholic and like I
can't have someone that's like
I just want to chill like and there's
nothing wrong with that I'm just a
really aggressive [__] and I'm
like I need to be working and I want to
be fulfilled and I am fulfilled by my
job so it doesn't have to be your job
but you have to be successful in
life of what you're aiming towards
achieving you have to have some type of
achievement some type of passion some
type of purpose or else
We're not gonna have too much to talk
about because I can't shut up so like
yeah yeah even if it's like you're a
teacher you're a teacher and you love
what you're doing you're changing these
kids lives you're showing up amazing it
just you have to you have to have
something because I've clearly got
something and it's my baby and it's
called her daddy
you've clearly got something that's for
sure
I told you a second ago that guests when
they leave here they write a question in
the diary
what we did because the conversations we
have here tend to lean more towards the
vulnerable side of of people is we turn
them into these little cards so you can
play at home and no one's ever seen the
question who's written the question they
don't know who's written them and they
don't know what the questions are but
this box has a couple of questions and
I've taken about 60 of them out but I've
picked a couple for you okay so I'm
gonna slide it across the table all
right Stephen here we go and I would
like you to pick a question out of the
the conversation cards okay
I might ask you to pick more than one so
let's see how we get on okay
whichever one calls you oh my God
I have two okay
what pain do you enjoy having
what
um oh my God
you want to be demonetized on YouTube so
just oh right YouTube oh I've cursed too
many times no I know it's funny the
casting's fine the casting's fine I mean
I'm I'm concerned about it
later than that no pun intended
um
YouTube
what pain do you enjoy having
I think I've enjoyed the pain of
experiencing
true love
I thought I was in love in the past I
was in certain variations of whatever I
could be capable of giving for love and
receiving for love but recently I've
really experienced the painful moments
of
loving someone going through
grief loss death with them going through
moments of Disconnect moments of not
knowing if it was gonna work out like I
felt such pain in moments but
also such happiness and joy that
completely overrides the pain but I
don't think I've ever experienced it the
way that I have with this
partner in the beginning that it it was
painful to get to where we are now
now I don't experience that pain with my
partner but like it was
don't curse
um you can curse it was a [__]
in the beginning to try to
align is this gonna work because we both
knew it was there but we were at a
little bit of different points in our
lives and I think the yeah I enjoy the
pain of of love and like real
like once in a lifetime It Feels Like
Love
daddy gangs he'd be like you sappy [__]
what we've lost
I'm still here it's okay
ask you to pick another card one more
absolutely
I told you I would be here for five
hours if you let me say like I will just
keep talking and we're flying back to
London today
um
oh
do you think your younger self would be
proud look up to you now
yeah
yeah I do
which is so crazy if anything I wish I
could have
shown my younger self in those really
really dark moments like
[__] you got this like look what you're
about to do like just wait hang in there
I think I would be so proud of myself
because I've stayed
honest with myself I've stayed loyal to
what I've wanted and I've I've gone for
it I've taken a lot of risks and I've
put myself out there which was not
something I liked to do when I was
younger so I think my younger self would
be like
damn we did it
that phone that I proverbiably slid you
earlier on I said to call your your ex
business partner if you had 30 seconds
if I slid you that phone now and I said
you can
have a conversation with
8 10 12 year old Alex Cooper
and you can say anything to her and
you've got 60 seconds to say it to her
slide you the phone you call her what'd
you say
I know right now it feels like there's
no getting out of the pain I know you
feel so alone you feel unseen you feel
unloved you feel unworthy but I promise
you every single thing you're going
through right now is gonna build you
into the person that you're going to be
so proud to be in the future and it's
worth it hang in there ask for help you
don't have to do everything alone
and I love you
in the Diary of a CEO we have hundreds
of questions that have been left by our
guests and we've put them
on these cards
and on these cards you have the question
that's been left in the diver CEO the
name of the person who wrote the
question and if you turn it over there's
a QR code if you scan that code you can
see which guest answered the question
and watch the video of them answering it
every time I've done this podcast and
every time we've asked the kind of
questions we ask here I feel a
tremendous sense of affinity to the
guest and our aim with these cards is
that you can create that sense of
connection through vulnerability at home
with the people you love the most and I
have some good news for you as of today
you can add your name to the waiting
list to be the first in line to get your
own set of conversation cards at the
conversationcards.com
for you
exciting
um
you're launching a business aren't you I
can't I can tell and it's is it a
product is it cosmetic what is it I
think that tell me Kylie Jenner tell me
no you're gonna be on the Forbes I think
it's gonna make a lot of sense
um it's it's staying in my space it's
I'm never gonna be like
I'm coming out with a water like it's
like I'm never gonna do something people
like oh God she sold out it's within the
next month I'll be launching something
that
is just going to completely Elevate and
expand the call her daddy brand
um everything that I'm passionate about
that I've talked about today it's just
expanding and it's gonna
allow call her daddy to live in so many
new places and you're going to be able
to experience call her daddy and that
brand and other things that I'm
passionate about you're going to be able
to consume it and there's just going to
be a lot more that you're going to be
able to
watch and see
you've achieved so much you know it's
funny because when I was you know
thinking about this new Venture that
you're going to be launching um
something you said earlier was really
thought provoking to me you talked about
how you've kind of just gotta ask the
world and Executives and people that
you're meeting for what you want
even if you don't really know it what
you want that like idea of like
demanding from people what you want I
think you said this when you spoke to
Jay as well on his show um and it rang
rang a bell in my head somewhere because
I'd heard someone a young member of my
team say that they in some respects felt
like they're kind of Faking it but they
needed to fake it to get the value that
they deserve and I reflect on that I
think in the conversation with Jay you
were talking about how women struggle
with this more than men in business
because because of that sort of
reluctance to or whatever
how important do you think it is for
people listening now that look up to you
for them to fake it before they make it
or to you know like demand from the
world what they want even if they don't
feel like they deserve it I think it's
everything because I don't want you to
be disingenuous with yourself but I also
want you to realize like
confidence is a word that feels so like
oh just be confident it is so hard to be
confident you can be confident in
certain aspects of your life and very
unconfident in others you can be
confident in your friendships but when
you walk into work you're so unconfident
or the complete opposite I would say
with business I've learned like
if you know what you want that is
something you should be able to locate
what do you want
what do you or what do you at least
think you want what makes you happy
what's what is a goal you can at least
put on the map because if not then like
you take a little minute for yourself
like come up with something then when
you're walking into these rooms you can
allow that to kind of be your compass I
know there's so many things for call her
daddy that I've wanted to do for so long
and I know that my audience knows like I
have kept caller daddy in this bubble
and it's almost like about to burst like
I've just stayed with the podcast I have
my merch but like I don't do much I
don't really do anything other than it
so I think when I think about expanding
in my mind it needs to be
so perfect but also I'm like but there's
so many opportunities what do I want to
do you don't actually need to know
exactly like the into the weeds of it
start having conversations leading with
that Compass of this is what I know I
want and ask people for help talk to
people like I've been having so many
meetings that I'm like I hate meetings
just let me go create but I've been
having so many meetings about what I'm
about to be launching
and there's been people that are able to
ask me questions that I wouldn't have
been able to think about had I been at
home thinking so it's like having
a compass of what you know you are
driving towards and then opening it up
for discussion around people that have
complete different ideas and mindsets
and you will be able to find help but
sometimes I think we think we have to do
it all on our own in business like don't
let anyone know what you're up to it's
not there no one can actually take that
away from you because whatever you're
going to do is going to be unique to you
but I do think I had a hard time asking
for help and now finally I'm having
meetings with people that are so
brilliant and they're allowing me to
think past what my brain was only able
to see and now it's opened up a world so
anyone in business don't be afraid to
even have like a hey can I pick your
mind for like a little bit like let's go
to a coffee I just have like some
questions I want to ask you all of a
sudden you're gonna leave there and
you're gonna either know more about what
you want to do or it could have
completely spun you in a different
direction either way you're going to
take something positive from it but I
think a lot of times in business
especially as women it's like
like don't let anyone know what you're
doing like
I think that's I think it's yes of
course keep to close to the chest of
like an IP that you're working on that
like someone can't steal and you haven't
trademarked or something but like
open yourself up to other
people helping you you don't have to do
it all on your own directionally then
you're talking about the compass there
directionally what does Alex Cooper want
I think I really am looking forward to
doing what I always wanted to do
producing and directing I didn't intend
to be an on-host Talent Let Me Be So
Clear I remember in college my
professors were like you should be like
a sports announcer and I was like No And
like nothing against sports announcers I
just knew in my bones I was like I don't
want to do that I don't want it like I
always wanted to be behind the camera
then it just so happened that I'm in
front of it and like I'm like oh I do
like it but produce I'm like producing
myself as I'm talking right now like I'm
naturally more of a producer than just
like a talent so I think what I want to
be able to do is to explore past just
the immediate producing of a podcast
what else can I produce
[Music]
sounds like a media company or something
or a studio
the Alex Cooper
I don't know Steven
that was a long sip
shark gold thing and keep drinking
what's your next question
my next question comes from the book
let's see what has been left for you the
guests never know who they're leaving it
for
what is one thing in your life that is
currently hindering your happiness and
what will you do to rectify it
this is really weird but
I actually was I had something
that was hindering my life a little bit
and my happiness and I spent the whole
past weekend
just
trying to figure out like how do I
can I say this hmm
there was something that I was not
someone in my life that was
really bringing negativity to my life
and I've worked on boundaries with my
therapist and then my therapist classic
line is like you've loved set a boundary
and you hate to maintain it and I'm like
[__]
she's like you're so good at me like
boundary and then a week later I'm like
how's the boundary and you're like it's
gone I'm like oh God so I finally for
the first time just kind of ended a
relationship with
um
a friend
it was really
just like negative and toxic and it just
was like why is I I felt that like
weight that you're like oh my God I'm
waking up and thinking about this like
this is so negative in my life and I I
was able to kind of put an end
gracefully to a situation that clearly
wasn't making either of us happy and I
was so proud of myself because oh trust
me I was like replaying the conversation
like practicing in front of my boyfriend
like how do I say this like
confrontation to me I'd rather flip
backwards and go into a different
Stratosphere than have confrontation but
I was proud of myself because I was
feeling really really icky about the
situation and I
I had a conversation that was
kind of beautiful and ended a really
toxic situation
cheers
not easy not easy difficult
conversations
you know people ask me this question all
the time because I'm a podcaster they
always say and I'm sure you get asked
this so often that you're [__] sick
of it and you have a pre-written answer
but I but I'm just personally interested
what it what to you now makes for a
perfect interview on your show like what
are the core components of just a really
great call her daddy interview what are
you looking for from the guest
I'm looking for them first and foremost
to
find
um
I told you before this I was like
someone I just recorded with was like
everyone in the morning before I came
and filmed with you was like do you want
a cocktail do you need a drink and the
woman was like why do I need a cocktail
like you're freaking me out like I think
call her Daddy has now set a standard of
like we're gonna go there we're gonna
have really open honest conversations so
I think I want people to come
open-minded of I'm not trying to exploit
you or exploit your life I'm actually in
long form trying to get to know you as a
whole human being and that's why I
really respect your show and you're so
good at what you do because you're just
listening and you're trying to Pivot
with them to understand who they are and
what makes them them so I think coming
in open-minded is the first bit because
I think there's a lot online
for call her daddy that people are like
here we go like this is about to get
wild I think the second thing is someone
that is willing to
Express things that maybe they're not
even comfortable saying or they haven't
even fully thought out because I feel
like the show does a great job of
holding someone in a space of like we'll
work through it like say it and then
let's like backtrack and and I'm never
gonna let someone say something that's
wild and then they're like I didn't give
context like we'll get the context so I
think someone that's willing to just
speak very frankly and openly I think
sometimes especially celebrities have
been burned so many times in media that
they are really closed off and I
actually think it does a disservice to
them because then they come off
more rigid or or more unlikable or you
know less authentic and so I think my
goal is always to have someone
basically trust me which is wild I they
are meeting me usually for the first
time ever when they sit down with me and
I think that I've
been able somehow to gain this rapport
with people in the first like two
minutes before we actually start where I
think they feel like
she's definitely not what I thought I
think when you meet me in person it's
very different than what you see online
I think people immediately soften and
are like oh wait like
this feels different than what I
expected and then I just ask that they
trust me that I'm I'm really here to
have a really exciting and interesting
conversation and I'm not trying to ruin
your life and we let's see where it goes
um but most of the time when people then
come and are vulnerable and open and are
willing to go there that's what makes
the best episode we're all going through
most of the same [__] themes wise
different levels
um but the human emotion is the human
emotion I don't care if you're sitting
in one country or the other or it's all
going to be different but it is all
relatively similar that we can at least
be like I can kind of connect to that I
can kind of connect that that's always
the goal it's like just speak and I'll
do the job to wrap it in a bow to make
sure that everyone feels somehow
connected to this person where's your
line in terms of earlier on you said it
took you a while to share with your
audience that you had been bullied when
you were younger do you still have
things now where you go
I'm not quite ready
to share that yeah or I'm thinking about
sharing this part of my life with with
my audience
yeah I mean I've been like really open I
do think there's a couple things that I
am only just keeping more close to the
chest because I want to formulate them
with a little bit more insight than just
an immediate throw it up like I think
that the
podcasting is amazing because I can sit
for an hour and talk so I think it's a
way more stimulating to hear someone
speak from in the first day that it
happened to me I was dealing with this a
month later I I felt like this so I I
think there's a couple things in my life
that I'm just trying to
experience a little bit more before I
speak on it anything off limits
no
I am like I feel like I've said
everything on the internet that now as I
progress anytime I'm like should I say
that I'm like I've I really
I don't know why but I'm very
unafraid to like you could ask me
anything and I'm like I'll answer your
question like there's never I don't have
publicist with me like I don't I don't
really care
foreign
I think um okay so the the question I'm
going to ask you then seeing as you
challenge me and this is my last
question to you is it's actually one of
those cards in there it says I I
reflected on it when I was picking the
cards that I wanted you to to to have it
was um hook your arms are crossed
why did I say
um slide me the card I'll show you which
card it was it was all in here I thought
oh that's a that's an interesting one
that's a doozy yeah this one's a real
stitch up let me find the one it was
ah it's this one
oh
I'll put it back in there and I'll wrap
it up just so you can uncover it there
you go
it will be the first one there's anyone
in there oh
oh
no
[Laughter]
tell me something you have never told
anyone before
oh I'm gonna have to sit here for an
hour and think about this I as you know
I can never shut up so I'm pretty
open
something I've never told anyone
oh my God
I don't know if this is gonna be
anticlimactic
but
I would say that I don't think I ever
Express
how as as great as everything I've been
talking about is like
that
my career scares me
at times
like I don't think I've ever said that
out loud to anyone because I think I
come off with like a lot of confidence
and I'm I love what I do but like it
it's scary in moments
um
how do I explain this and like take this
out of my brain
like we're we live one life we're here
and I'm kind of like
this is what I chose to do
and I'm 28 right now
it's a little scary to think
of how publicly I've decided to live my
life
and I
try not to think about how scary it is
at times like
because I don't think it's a very
relatable thing to say like
when I'm producing my show I'm always
like that doesn't sound relatable of
like talking about like your comment
section like
it's really [__] scary how
much every week I just keep putting
myself out there and I
it's almost like there's no time to stop
and like Wonder like am I
is this what I should be doing or would
I be happier doing something else like
because I am really happy but it's like
this public world
isn't exactly what I wanted in terms of
like producing content
you can do while not being a
public-facing person
um so I think I I
get it freaks me out sometimes and then
I just try to not think about it because
I don't think
just like anyone if you're if you're
going through something like I can't
really explain the feelings
maybe unless you're in the situation
which I know is like oh boo who you
chose this but like it's really [__]
weird having millions of people
watching you listening to you
taking your advice
lit like living out what you're telling
them to do like sometimes I'm like oh
like
am I doing it right like am I
I think social media like it's a little
it's just a little
weird because I don't think it's natural
so I just struggle sometimes with that
this is really [__] scary like we're
sitting here right now but it still
doesn't register me that so many people
are gonna listen to this like I'm half
blacking out in this interview but I'm
like oh [__] and then like these are
like my high thoughts always but I'm
like the perception that people have of
me on the internet I'm like I kind of
feel like that is who I am but like is
that who I am like
you have to perform when you're in front
of this microphone like I'm not talking
all day
contrary to what I've said I'd never
shut the [__] up but like it just is a
little unnatural and so it's scary to
reflect sometimes and be like
have I taken this too far like
what am I doing and then the other side
of me is like go like you're living your
dream like get after it but I'm like but
like
would it be better if all these people
weren't watching and I picked something
a little bit more behind the scenes
I don't know I'm I have to figure that
out but it's
it's scary as hell it's hard to undo
right
because it's
also intoxicating and it's addicting and
it's unrelenting every single week
what's new episode what's new episode
you put out one that people don't like
to guess that was [__] what's your next
one you're like oh my God oh my God and
it's like not a normal job to have to be
like please please please give give give
give oh my God be better be better get
the next one like make it make sure it
has this many views get like you're
literally like
what like in bed at night I'm like what
is the next thing and so it's a little
it's like thrilling
and exciting as hell as a Creator but
also as a human being
it's scary how are you truly feeling
right now in this moment or in life in
life
um
I'm really happy I really am like
probably the happiest I've ever been and
I think that's probably why I'm able to
be just so like all over the place open
right now because
I love to though think about
what's next what am I doing
um
but I feel
very happy and if you would ask me that
like
eight months ago I'd be like no
so
I'm happy I'm just
constantly in my head thinking like I
can't stop it's like 2 A.M and I'm like
picking up my phone writing notes like
um so I sometimes I'm like please stop
my brain never is like silent so I think
that's where when I start having
conversations like this now I'm going to
be home like
huh whoa like this has given me a lot to
think about but um
no I am really happy I just
this job is very [__] weird so I'm
trying to figure it out I'm 28 I've been
doing this for only four years publicly
which it seems like it's been a lifetime
literally it feels like it's been I feel
like I've been doing this my whole life
and then to think of how big the show is
and how many millions of people are
watching me every day and I'm like I've
been doing this for four years
that is actually a really short amount
of time but it feels so much longer than
it actually
is so
whoo
yeah well this is why this is why you're
brilliant isn't it that Obsession and
with that Obsession comes the cost of
the 2am
note section in the iPhone that's the
cost of the Brilliance right and there's
always a cost to our Brilliance but
thank you so much for the inspiration
you've been an inspiration for me on
this show when I'm trying to figure out
which way to go and trying to take cues
on like why you know you've managed to
build such an intense immense connection
with your audience and um yeah I'm so
excited to see this production company
launch the Alex Cooper Studios and your
movies and all of these things you're
going to do in the future because
they're gonna if they if they have the
same principles as your current show
they're going to be equally as awesome
and I'd love to invest in that if you're
ever looking for an investor so oh yeah
no thank you so much Stephen like you
are so talented at what you do and I
don't think I've ever had a conversation
with cameras around this honest and I
really appreciate whenever people are
getting vulnerable and talking about
their feelings it does take a very
specific type of human being for someone
to open up and I felt immediately
comfortable with you and you're so
talented so thank you for having me on
because this was a pleasure but now also
I'm gonna be not stopping thinking about
all the things I just said for the rest
of the weekend I'm like
no thank you thank you thank you thank
you so much
quick one as you guys know we're lucky
enough to have blue jeans as a sponsor
and supporter of this podcast for anyone
that doesn't know blue jeans is an
online video conferencing tool that
allows you to have slick fast good
quality online meetings without any of
those glitches that you'd normally find
with other meeting online providers you
know the ones I'm talking about and they
have a new feature called Blue Jeans
basic which I wanted to tell you about
blue jeans basic is essentially a free
version of their top quality video
conferencing and that means that you get
immersive video experiences you get that
super high quality super easy and zero
fuss experience and apart from zero time
limits on meetings and calls it also
comes with High Fidelity audio and video
including Dolby voice they also have
expertise grade security so you can
collaborate with confidence it's so
smooth that it's quite literally changed
the game for myself and my team without
compromising quality at all so if you'd
like to check them out search
bluejeans.com and let me know how you
get on DM me tweet me whatever works for
you let me know how you find it I've now
been a cool Drinker for about four years
roughly so much so that I ended up
investing in the company
um and I play a role on the board of the
company but they also very kindly
sponsored this podcast and to be honest
I've never said this before but he all
believed in this podcast before anybody
else the CEO Julian
um told me before we even launched the
podcast how successful it would be and
that heel would back it and I absolutely
have a huge amount of gratitude for them
for that support but an even greater
sense of gratitude for the fact that
they've helped me stay nutritionally
complete throughout the chaos and
hecticness of my tremendously busy
business schedule so if you haven't
tried out here which I hope most of you
have at least given it a go by now try
it out it's an unbelievable way to try
and stay nutritionally on course if you
have a hectic busy schedule and let me
know what you think send me a tweet and
a DM tag me let me know what you think